Meeting 8/7-16

Attending
Patrik
Etam
Yannick

Prel. agenda
- Analysis framework status
- DAQ status
- Analysis goals, what should be done before the next test beam?

- Analysis framework status
Patrik
Saroman software
What it is
Time problem between feb?

Analysis
Can work, quantative, no matching between time of feb

Etam
Documentation, document buggs of daq.
Yannick, can we use Trello for FEB.
Report bugs,
Resolved by Yannick, hardware/firmware
Resolved by Yordan, unpacking
Resolved by Patrik. analysis.

TODO find environment for versioning code with commenting properties asana?
Need a way to comment code, versions.

Configuration database is needed, preferably for next beamtest.
XML config file changes over time, need database. Tracability.

- DAQ status
Patrik
Using only Yordans unpacking, old revision used now because simpler to read corrupt files.
Need to make a list of what is wrong in eather daq files or in unpacking code.

- Analysis goals, what should be done before the next test beam?
Etam
Event display,
Time histograms deltaT, want to assosciate time in next gtriggs aswell. Hit with amplitude.

Looking at plots.
Bug in timing in current firmware could give douplicate hit times, different times associated with amplitudes.

Produce hit time cut, only one hit time per amplitude? Remove douplicate.
Use tag id. 

Can calculate estimated num hits for a channel given the num of spills, can check with what we get in histo.

After fix, what do we want with histograms.
Fit, determine spread left and right. channel 8,24 same asic, bar, center of bar. Can fit data and get rough resolution from FEB.

- Does Resolution evolves as position in Gtrigg.

- Compare to other senario, with scientilating triggers. Is there a difference? More complex, far worse inherent resolution. 

Now chnl 8,24 deltaT exp 0. Fit should be gaussian around 0.

Doing same for 0,16 and 15,31 since at edges, shift from center 7,8 cm. If enough statistics, should see slight shift in gaussian fit.
If not, inherent resolution of FEB or not enough statistics.

Patrik, will work on it right away.





